[Music]
the meeting his note is at least the
blacks do we have the whites at this
that at least the battles will find my
meaning is one to joy the suffering of
my story is what my hits has
do all this is what black me
is what we like and do white
me the battles we love him without
joy the suffering of my story I
make me passionate it's clear that me
the slaves
is my white screen
me the mounoir testifies my white is
what my head raises or is moved when
we believe is booba stat is
west and get up for you because we
do and grow with the quilt
Sunday the White House Beaune
[Music]
yeah temime to sevran is what denies
more commercial west than 1000 inhabitants
is that at least the black s how
the whites is what I do not have
found my meaning is what a joy to
the suffering in the story is what
my emotions with the party where samus stop
because me blacks is what we
like white and do me the Batay
cok% is it to joy the
suffering of my story is that amy
endorse the family party this is
what my finger is pulling on that of the
chance or does the formulas if
catches the door mesh in France
did not me wade slave anymore
colo has been largely changed since
the radio according to me must mix
in the air that or is it for me
tieleman a christmas control that
he tells you he's going out who will see - skype
for beatty every night you taste it
is at least blacks as white to
sion - pasta in my opinion
qena joy the suffering of my
story is what about a tackle did
faced with moussa relay do me them
blacks is one is white as the ehpad to
this contest and my sense is the joy the
suffering from my amy story
bailne dry did it for himself moussa
should it last in liem the
glagla skywest fake patterns john
madden black girl is handed douadi or
amy firm to which the check mark
good friends at simba microfinance is the
responsible and black as less whites
sp months battles bluefin tuna from my
meaning we have joy the slingshot my story
d'amy endorse the fairy% of ca and
how
noah is hurt and white these months the
battles finds the words without them
have to joy the slingshot my story
my pigs coffee my senses you'll know
put my black nose to me
blueprints of packages that
would like my serene sense to the canvas to
take it all
you loved me endorse it made it good
have fun with techniques always ready to
to fight
[Music]